Don't eat anymore
For what?
We both have children too
We should have a baby
Don't you find yourself lonely?
Just give birth to a child to accompany you
You don't have to go out and mess around in the future
Bad social
So
Children are just tools for you to exercise control
You can't love him at all
I don't like kids.
You're not obedient again, are you?
What's up?
Do you need me to take you to the hospital if you are not feeling well?
Lan Lan
Be nice.
My child
It was so chaotic yesterday.
Didn't receive your call.
Are you OK?
I'm okay, how are you?
How is Sining?
Sorry.
I implicated you
It has nothing to do with you.
Don't think too much about taking care of yourself and your baby.
I'll contact you when this is over.